name:aveleth
gender:female
race: human variant (half Vampire)
age: 962 (14 when became vamp)
height: 1m 64
weight: 49 kg
eyes: red
hair: black
class: necromancer
languages:common , dwarvish, elvish
speed: 40 ft


racial traits:
half speed spiderclimp
speed +10
restistance poison, no oxigen
vuneruble to radiant damage

keen Mind:
STORY

as a girl i had a tough life, my mother was leader of the tribe. 
as it was a tribe lead by women. i had a brother who would have been her succesor if i wasnt born.
but i did come.overthrowing his right to leadership in the second i was born a female. and he hated me for that single second.
now instead of training to become leader he would train to be a warrior. as i turned 6 my training to leadership started already.
learning to have people to count on you and make hard disisions. 2 years later my own brother tried to kill me. 
but because i was already stronger then him i won. as he tried to kill me, it was my disision what to do with him.
so i executed him. i had no love for anyone, the only thing i knew was power over people and leading them.
as a gift for my 10th birthday i got a raven. i imidiatly connected. i trained it and loved it. 
it is the first and only thing i ever loved

but of course things get between stuff we want. one night i got betrayed again, well not me but my mom.
because in the middle of the night i heard a scream. i got up and ran to where the sound came from.
my raven was there first screeching the scream over and over again. but the thing that attacked was suprised.
grabed the raven and pulled his heart out. now i was the one screaming. in a rage ive never felt before, i cut his throat open with my fingernails.
scratching it over and over again till he was moveless on the ground. the person that screamed before was my mother, she was laying on the ground bleeding and not moving.
the person that killed my mother, was my father. one big happy family i would say.
and as my mother was dead i was automaticly made leader. they told me i was the youngest leader they ever had, as i was 11.
so thats what i did lead. i planned everything, not showing any emotions. everyone did what i said without saying a word.

when i was finaly alone i cried, not about my family, but because of my raven.
i burried him behind my house and found a beatiful stone to put on top of the grave.
but after i buried him i never showed any emotion from that moment on.
for years i lead my people into war and out of it. we never lost a man.
stories were known about me being a fearless leader.

but things changed a certain night i dont remember much of it. i woke up to a sound knowing all to well what that ment.
i grabbed my sword standing ready. but faster then ever seen before the person jumped on me. 

we fought.

He won. 

but i did wake up. confused of this i looked around me and the man that attacked me was sitting next to me.
now i finaly got a good look of him he was very pale and had bright red eyes.
but i couldnt concentrate. i smelled something like ive never smelled before.
he helped me up, i ran to the smell, faster then i ever could. just outside lay a body just slightly bleeding.
now i knew it was the blood i smelled. i ran to it.drank it.

the guy that i fought stood behind me. not making any sound.
but i knew what he ment and what he was.

i had heared story's about vampires before. never thinking i would meet one.
and as i just drank blood. i knew what i was.

so basicly my human live stops there, as a 14 year old girl, just starting to become one of the greatest leaders known to men.

i took the vampire as a mentor helping me to still be leader of my clan without them noticing.
for 5 years i was still leader of the tribe. and still the vampire helped.
together we started dabbeling in magic. not the best but we had years and years to train.
but of course humans arent totaly crazy.they started noticing i didnt age. still looking like a 14 year old girl.
looking more wise. yes. but still very yough. as story's traveled the lands. people started talking about us.

one night all tribes worked together to kill us "demons". as they had loads of men trying to kill us they succeded to capture us.
some men out of my own tribe helped me escape. but i couldnt help my friend. he got killed and i hated all humans for it.

i ran though. thinking i would be back when i was even stronger. years i traveled and trained my magic.
but as decades and decades flew by, i learned someone who was told to be a necromancer. so i went to him.
he was intriqued with me, as he recognite my kind. he helped with the basics, i trained on small animals first.
which became bigger and bigger. and as time went by, the necromancer was growing old. he lived a long life before he begged me to make him a vampire.
but he was too old. so he died, i burned him in a fire.

as i had this new skill, i went back to my village. to try and revive my raven. and it worked.
it wasn't as beatifull as before. but he was still the same.

years went by as i developed a new army.
men and women who knew of me and ask for the gift of immortallity. slaves for battles won, and undead that i was training.
i lived in the same place for years. a big castle known for the people that dissapeared in it.
my name is feared by all that have a bright mind.
